Management UI: add information about embedding and customizations. (#22)
svix/svix-docs: docs/management-ui.mdx

</TabItem>
</CodeTabs>

## Embedding in your own dashboard

> The returned URL from the previous section can also be embedded in your own dashboard using an iframe. This is how it looks like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The returned URL from the previous section can also be embedded in your own dashboard using an iframe.
```

<img alt="Embedded Management UI screenshot" src={useBaseUrl("img/embedded-management-ui.png")} />

> To do it, just set the url from the examples above in the `src` property of the iframe:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add this to your application, just pass the URL you received in the previous example to the `src` property of the iframe:
```

```html

> <iframe

Reviewer: I would remove this one and just include the example with the basic styling.

Author: Done.

    src="http://localhost:3000/login#key=eyJhcHBJZCI6ICJhcHBfMXRSdFlMN3pwWWR2NHFuWTRRZFI1azE4eXQ0IiwgInRva2VuIjogImFwcHNrX2UxOUN0Rm5hbTFoOU1Gamh5azRSMTUzNUNSd05VSWI0In0="
>
</iframe>
```

Or with some basic styling to make it look better:

```html
<iframe
    src="http://localhost:3000/login#key=eyJhcHBJZCI6ICJhcHBfMXRSdFlMN3pwWWR2NHFuWTRRZFI1azE4eXQ0IiwgInRva2VuIjogImFwcHNrX2UxOUN0Rm5hbTFoOU1Gamh5azRSMTUzNUNSd05VSWI0In0="
    style="width: 100%; height: 100%; border: none;"
>
</iframe>
```

> ## Customizing the look and feel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## White Labeling
```

Author: We don't use title-case in section headers.

> The management UI automatically can be customized to follow your UI's look and feel. We currently support customizing the color palette as well as the logo used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep the same look and feel of your application by white labeling the Management UI. From the [Svix dashboard](https://dashboard.svix.com/settings), you can configure the color palette as well as the logo that your users will see.
```

> To customize these settings please head to [the dashboard](https://dashboard.svix.com) and change it under "Settings".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize these settings, please head to your [Organization Settings](https://dashboard.svix.com/settings) on the Svix Dashboard.

XXX Add screenshot here
```

Author: I removed the XXX to add a screenshot. We can do it in a later PR.

Author: I did it because I thought I could just merge it, but I guess I need to wait for the dashboard changes to be deployed first. So I'm reopening this comment. Please share a screenshot once you have one.
